capital = 48
set_country_flag = bul_political_confusion
#TROOPS
oob = "BUL_1936" #VANILLA & DLC
set_naval_oob = "BUL_1936_naval"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "BUL_1936_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "BUL_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}
set_convoys = 5 #VANILLA & DLC

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	victor_of_the_Balkan_War
}
country_event = { id = bulgaria.4 days = 220 }
country_event = { id = bulgaria.10 days = 1168 }
#TECHNOLOGY
set_research_slots = 3

#SET UP IDEAS
add_ideas = { #VANILLA
}

#POLITICS
set_popularities = { #VANILLA
	democratic = 30
	fascism = 20
	neutrality = 50
}
set_politics = { #VANILLA
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.6.21"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
recruit_character = BUL_ferdinand_i
recruit_character = BUL_boris_iii
recruit_character = BUL_kimon_georgiev
recruit_character = BUL_yanko_sakazov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_dimitrov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_mushanov
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_shalapatov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_mihov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_popov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_markov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_markov
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_boydev
recruit_character = BUL_asen_nikolov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_petsov
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_zhilkov
recruit_character = BUL_bonyu_stoev_pironkov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_gaidimitriv
recruit_character = BUL_kiril_stanchev
recruit_character = BUL_blagoi_ivanov
recruit_character = BUL_stoyan_stoyanov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_hadzipetkov
recruit_character = BUL_kiril_dimitrov_yanchulev
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_totev_markov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_ivanov_kyoseivanov
recruit_character = BUL_dobri_bozhilov
recruit_character = BUL_konstantin_muraviev
recruit_character = BUL_konstantin_lukash
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_drenikov
recruit_character = BUL_sava_ivanov
recruit_character = BUL_theodosi_daskalov
recruit_character = BUL_asen_toshev
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_variklechkov
recruit_character = BUL_dimitr_ayryanov
recruit_character = BUL_gancho_manchev
recruit_character = BUL_zachari_zacharievr
recruit_character = BUL_stefan_tsanev
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_sapundzhiev
recruit_character = BUL_trifon_trifonov
recruit_character = BUL_ferdinand_kozovski
recruit_character = BUL_stoyan_trendafilov
recruit_character = BUL_vladimir_stoychev
recruit_character = BUL_stefan_nedev
recruit_character = BUL_stoycho_mushanov
recruit_character = BUL_stefan_stefanov
recruit_character = BUL_dimitrana_ivanova
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_tsankov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_zhekov
recruit_character = BUL_andrey_lyapchev

set_technology = { #VANILLA & DLC
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "He 51" #also covers Ar 68
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Druzki Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hrabar Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_0
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Iskar Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Slava Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}